add temporal cli docs for nexus endpoints (#3149)
temporalio/documentation: docs/cli/cmd-options.mdx

## description

> Namespace description or Endpoint description in markdown format (encoded using the configured codec server).

Reviewer: codec server -> Codec Server

> Namespace description or Endpoint description in markdown format (encoded using the configured Codec Server).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Namespace description or Endpoint description.
You may use markdown formatting in the description, encoded with the configured Codec Server.
```

Reviewer 3: All of these suggestions should come in PR form to the CLI since this is all generated from that repo. Let's solve this at the source.

Author: @bergundy here you go:
- https://github.com/temporalio/cli/pull/693

## description-file

> Endpoint description file in markdown format (encoded using the configured Codec Server).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Path to the Endpoint description file.
The contents of the description file may use Markdown formatting, encoded with the configured Codec Server.
```

Name of the environment to read environmental variables from.

## env-file

> Path to environment settings file. (defaults to `$HOME/.config/temporalio/temporal.yaml`).

Reviewer 2: I based this on:

```
      --log-format string                                 Log format. Options are: text, json. Defaults to: text.
```

However, some Temporal CLI uses:

```
      --log-level server start-dev                        Log level. Default is "info" for most commands and "warn" for server start-dev. Accepted values: debug, info, warn, error, never. (default "info")
```

Disable folding.
All Child Workflows within the set depth will be fetched and displayed.

## no-json-shorthand-payloads

> Raw payload output, even if they are JSON.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Raw payload output, even if the JSON option was used.
```

Reviewer 2: Even if you don't like this wording, "they are" is not correct here with its pluralization

Backfill start time.

## target-namespace

> Namespace in which a handler worker will be polling for Nexus tasks on.

Reviewer: Great job & looks good to me! Just make sure all the Temporal terms are capitalized like "Worker", "Workflow", "Task Queue" and make sure every sentence is on one line. I did the Operator file as an example.

Backfill start time.

## target-namespace

> Namespace in which a handler worker will be polling for Nexus tasks on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Namespace in which a handler Worker will poll for Nexus tasks.
```

## target-task-queue

> Task Queue in which a handler worker will be polling for Nexus tasks on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Task Queue in which a handler Worker will poll for Nexus tasks.
```

## target-url

> URL to direct Nexus requests to.

Reviewer 2: Is this the internal URL versus the Nexus endpoint? Maybe be clearer about that? Is it a Namespace endpoint? Is it one that routes requests to the Namespaces that handle the requested work? What kind of URL is it?

Time zone (IANA name).

## tls-ca-data

> Data for server CA certificate. Can't be used with --tls-ca-path.

Reviewer 2: The reason is that you're providing two ways to load the CA cert info, however this is in-line with Temporal CLI wording. No change recommended.
